Year released: 1987
Operating system: Mac OS
Cost today: $8,232.39
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/1987/03/10/science/peripherals-macintosh-se-the-apple-evolves.html

An anecdote: using the Macintosh SE, which is the same age as I am, feels so familiar, I could have sworn that I had one in my home growing up. The crunchy startup disk, the small box screen, the interface all transported me back to the attic of my first childhood home, learning to type with Mavis Beacon, and gathering accessories for 8-bit Barbie on the first computer game I recall playing (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbie_(1991_video_game)). Looking at the price point for the SE, and even for the Macintosh Classic, however, I doubted that we would have had one. And when I went to look up the game I remember playing, I notice that it wouldn't have run on a Mac. I asked my parents if they remembered us having a Macintosh desktop in the early 1990s, and they assured me that we didn't get a Macintosh desktop until 2005. But using the Mac SE felt so natural, so familiar; in fact, using all the Macs in MITH, despite their age and more limited capacities, felt so familiar. I have been so naturalized into the Mac paradigm that I cannot remember ever not using one.

Playing Marble Springs, I feel more like I am playing a game than reading a novel, although I do think that novels invite a mode of inhabiting a world that the game play of Marble Springs serves to amplify. It is not quite the "Choose Your Own Adventure" text-based games, nor is it the Oregon Trail singularly directional and goal-oriented kind of game. It strikes me as more of a precursor to games like Myst and Riven, where the player/reader is invited into a world, the world is the story, and it is made to be wandered through and explored, rather than read linearly. When I clicked through the hypertext links in the game, my initial impulse was that the links in Marble Springs lead you further and further into the world of the game, whereas hyperlinks in everyday internet use usually serve to direct your attention away from whatever you are doing. More of a diversion than a deep dive. But perhaps the world of the contemporary internet is just more diffuse and rangy, and hyperlinks are a means of diving deeper into a broader universe of information.
