Year released: 1989
Operating system: originally, System 6.0.4 - switched to MacOS 7 in 1991
Cost today: $12,243.04
  source: http://www.shobaffum.com/iici/faq.html#1

This computer made me feel so at home. (Is it possible, as a burgeoning scholar of media and technology, as someone whose life and activities have been so profoundly shaped by my machine relations, to avoid the call to excavate my own sense memories, my personal media archeological record?) It was like going back to your parents' house for a holiday -- you fall into a time loop, or a crystallized childhood familiarity that is both comfortable and uncomfortable. I recalled being in the computer room in elementary school and middle school, having to do typing tests with a box over my hand so I couldn't see my fingers, making stupid pictures and saving them with cryptic names to the desktop for a friend in a different class to find. Using Word Perfect versus MS Word, I was reminded that Word Perfect seems more intentionally designed to feel like a typewriter, in that it models the piece of paper you might print on, whereas MS Word makes fewer assumptions about what you will do with the text you are crafting. Perhaps related, they both integrate MacPaint graphics fairly easily, but Word Perfect only supports black and white images, whereas MS Word includes colors.

I did not have to think twice about how to navigate the machine or to click on folders with the names of users I don't know, to see what they were up to. Clearly, the previous users of this machine (at least those who were students in ENGL668K) were tasked with creating stories, or mini-applications on Hypercard. I had never seen this program before, but a bit of cursory research reveals that it set the precedent for what would become websites. Emily's folder reveals her as the author of the story and related files for "Follow Our Fathers," which seems to model the Marble Springs story-world. Rick Frankos' story takes the reader through a dungeon. Dickey's folder reveals him to be a poet. Brian's folder is empty, a presence and an absence on the desktop.
